<h1>CSS Grid Layout With Images</h1>

<p>A mobile-first website example that demonstrates how to use CSS Grids for a responsive design layout. This example is made with SASS and utilizes partial views. When viewed on small screens (< 560px), the screen is divided into two fractions and the lead article is placed in grid-row 1 and grid-column 1, spanning two columns. The second image is placed in grid-row 2 and grid-column 1, spanning two columns. The third image is placed the same as the second but in grid-row 3. The fourth image is placed in grid-row 4 and grid-column 1. The fifth image is placed in grid-row 4 and grid-column 2, which lines up image four and five next to each other. The same is done with image six and seven, except that are placed in grid-row 5. When viewed on medium screens (560px - 1027px), the screen is still divided up into two fractions, but the arrangement of the first three images changes. The lead article changes to take up grid-column 1 and grid-row 1, spanning two rows. Image two changes to take up grid-row 1 and grid-column 2, while image three is placed in grid-row 2 and grid-column 2. When viewed on a large screen (> 1028px), the screen is divided into four fractions. The lead article now takes up two columns and two rows. The second and third image take up two columns and one row. The rest of the images are placed in grid-row 3, each one taking up a single column.</p>
  
  <p>You can check out this <a href="https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/DevJHennessy/Responsive_Web_Design/blob/master/CSS_Grid2/index.html">example</a> and play around with the responsiveness of the grids from small, medium, and large screens.</p>
